Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-08 (#255)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/4/12/4/7/document.md

###### A.1.10.2.4.12.4.7 - Private Validation Status Reporting [Core]

> Privately reporting issues found during Ecosystem Spell Validation is only recommended where the private communication involves multiple trusted parties, as a single actor may be acting maliciously and provide false information. Private reporting of issues can be performed using platforms such as Discord or Signal.

Reviewer: Content analysis of amendments regarding logical consistency, systemic loopholes, and linguistics: [Notion](https://sky-proposal-analysis.notion.site/Atlas-Edit-Weekly-Cycle-Proposal-2026-06-15-37ea66bbb6b8802281e5cfa68ee5a1a8).

```suggestion
Privately reporting issues found during Ecosystem Spell Validation is only recommended where the private communication involves a minimum of two registered Core Facilitators, as a single actor may be acting maliciously and provide false information. Private reporting of issues can be performed using secure, end-to-end encrypted communication infrastructures formally approved by Core GovOps.
```
